Let's just get through this as quickly as possible.
Then we'll deal with the two of you.
The two of us?
I hope you're proud of yourself.
Uh, I kind of am.
I saved the goddamn universe.
That's not the issue, Rick!
Uh, it would have been if I hadn't.
The Vindicators say their job is to fight evil wherever it hides.
But they don't... pick the location you'll... you'll never hear them even mention.
Because to fight darkness is to fight yourself.
Oh, I know this.
Dorian 5.
Procubot, don't!
There's no other possible answer.
My mechanical and reptilian logic are certain of it.
I'm seeing more croc than bot here.
God damn it!
Uh, what happened on Dorian V?
Nothing.
Nothing?
We exterminated a planet.
Wait, huh?
Doom-nomitron was hiding there.
He's a shapeshifter.
Destroying Dorian V was the only way to kill him.
Come on, guys, we're all thinking it.
Don't make me say it.
Oh, okay.
This again?
You know, I could have made you a device to detect Doom-nomitron from orbit like that.
I'm not the one that didn't want you back.
Alan was.
If you lay those deaths at my doorstep one more time... Do not threaten her.
What the hell is Israel?
It's just something Rick starts talking about when he's blackout drunk.
What?
In what way?
Like, what's my point?
In a way that has no point.
You just babble about defense budgets in the United Nations, and then you pass out.
So, to be clear, I sometimes reference the geopolitical complexities of the topic, which is not the same as going to an anti-Semitic place.
I have no stake in this.
I don't either.
I'm just saying, if anything, the drunk version of me is probably so supportive of Israel, he wants what's best for it, and... Hey, man.
I'm not touching this.
You do you.
But one thing I am confident of, from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
One thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
In condition that we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
The end.
Just yesterday morning they let me know you were gone Suzanne the plans they made put an end to you I walked out this morning and I wrote down this song I just can't remember who to send it to I've seen fire and I've seen rain
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end.
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend.
But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Won't you look down upon me, Jesus?
You gotta help me make a stand.
Just got to see me through another day My body's aching and my time is at hand I won't make it any other way Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain Seen sunny days that I thought would never end
I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend But I always thought that I'd see you again Been walking my mind to an easy time My back turned towards the sun Lord knows when the cold wind blows It'll turn your head around
Well, there's hours of time on the telephone line to talk about things to come.
Sweet dreams and flying machines in pieces on the ground.
Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain.
I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end.
I've seen lonely times when I could not find
But I always thought that I'd see you, baby, one more time again.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
There's just a few things coming my way this time around now.
Thought I'd see you, thought I'd see you,
I definitely miss you, Nate.
That's for sure.
A lot.
And I definitely thought I was going to see him again.
This is Giga Home Biological, and this is no laughing matter.
If you believe that RNA cannot pandemic and intramuscular injections are dumb, if you understand that transfection was always a crime in healthy people, and you understand
that the population pyramid is a problem that they twisted and managed with murder and lies to create an illusion that they could enslave our children with, then you know that we have to fight a little harder than tweeting on social media.
We have to fight a little bit harder
than coming every day to watch this stream.
It's not enough.
It's not enough for Nate's memory.
It's not enough for the people that you lost.
It's not enough for all the damaged children in America.
And it's not enough.
It's just not enough.
We have to do more, ladies and gentlemen.
The voice that you hear is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm Chief Biologist of GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief.
Coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, you can see the state of my academic career on the Library of Medicine PubMed.
You could have seen presentations that I gave to Panda, but they're all gone.
But you can see some of my ideas on the substack called Woodhouse 76 where Jessica Hockett takes my ideas and has fakes dialogues with people like Claire Craig and Pierre Corey and Mike Eden and Jay Bhattacharya.
Doesn't really matter because Children's Health Defense hired me and fired me after I had a great relationship with our Health and Human Services Secretary.
And the reason why this has an easy explanation is because this is a national security operation.
These people were put in place to curate a narrative to be sure that damage from the countermeasures would never, ever, ever
be legally actionable, would never ever come under scrutiny except under the strict control of these actors so that the existence of the novel virus would never usefully be questioned and the threat of gain of function would never be questioned.
And the reason why they had to do this, the reason why they had to murder a few Americans is so that they could lie to the globe.
about the value of intramuscular injection.
Lie to the globe about the value of transfection.
And that's exactly why we have a fake anti-vax movement in America.
That's what's crucial to understand here.
A spectacular commitment to lies is all that is required.
And that's what you are witnessing right now on TV and social media.
It is a spectacular commitment to lies that is orchestrated by actors put in place
This is a multi, multi-decade human genome project continuation.
This is Act 4.
And the reason why you don't know who this is, or a lot of you don't know who this is, or most of the people who are on Team Robert Malone don't know who this is, like Mary Talley Bowden, is because it's by design.
Mary Talley Bowden probably has no idea the long and rich history of autism advocation that this woman has done and the number of votes that she's swayed.
She probably has no idea, Mary Talley Bowden, that she's being duped by a group of people that together, as long as they keep lying and telling her she's doing great, she will never realize how she's been used.
Just like Brandy Vaughn never realized how these people were standing in front of her, how she was being ignored, how she was being diluted, and eventually how she would be used and then thrown away.
And so I keep coming back to this slide because it's absolutely important to understand that on this slide, there's only a few people missing.
and it doesn't take all of them.
Many of them may have no idea or just have agreed not to care.
But if you agreed not to care in order to surf on four continents, if you agreed not to care in order to get $50,000 a month from a Substack, if you agreed not to care in order to sell a book, if you agreed not to care in order to have a successful podcast deal with Rumble, if you agreed not to care to be a part of the wellness company and get $5,000 a month in stipend, if you agreed not to care and took a stipend from Brownstone or FLCCC, you are a traitor to our children.
Because intramuscular injection is not medicine.
Because RNA cannot pandemic.
And because it was always transformation and transfection.
And these people who worked for the Human Genome Project and affiliated industries have known that.
Now, the other day I showed you a video of this character speaking in October of 2020 in front of some fake group of people somewhere in Pittsburgh before he moved away to escape me.
The same month that I was fired from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, this man gave some kind of ridiculous pro-Trump talk about how we were screwing up the response and about how people were making COVID all kinds of political.
Now, I keep coming back to James Lyons Wyler because he features very, very prominently in the Skyhorse Publishing CHD Pyramid of Lies.
He is an author of a book, which is essentially a book that Paul Offit would have written, titled The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism, which reinforces the idea that there are causes for something called autism and that it's a pretty complicated story.
And at the foundation of this ridiculous statement, of course, is autism.
The word that Brian Hooker would not use because his son didn't have autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged and we will not call his condition autism.
That's Brian Hooker, 2013.
And Brian Hooker, 2020, was all about asymptomatic spread and the proper testing of vaccines, which should be done, but isn't quite being done.
Antibodies are immunity, kinda.
And promoting this man.
as he continues to do today.
Now, why is that relevant?
Because I think by focusing on this man before the pandemic and through the beginning of the pandemic, where he had all these interesting molecular insights on the fear and cleavage site and all these special epitopes that should be taken out of the vaccine, according to this talk, but they never did.
All these vaccine manufacturers ignored my warnings about pathogenic priming, which is his own made up word for antibody dependent enhancement.
trying to, you know, improve the word, to cover more options, or to make it more biologically relevant, which is just nonsense, because it still accepts the presupposition of a novel virus for which we need to make a novel memory for, which is the whole basis for this illusion in the first place, the acceptance of that myth.
Now, if we focus on 2021, one year later, we can find really interesting trail of tears here because in 2021, in October 28th, 2021, James Lyons Weiler, the guy that I showed you in the video previously is here in the middle of this Zoom meeting with Steve Kirsch and Mike Eden and Jessica Rose and Mark Giraudeau and Matt Crawford.
And I can personally attest to all of those people personally as being consistent meddlers.
Now, Mike Eden hasn't really lied about me, but he has been disingenuous several times.
Jessica Rose has never lied about me, but she has omitted me since March of 2023.
Matt Crawford has lied about me consistently in a Bitcoin chat that he
he orchestrated on Signal, and I have countless examples of it.
Steve Kirsch more or less has lied to me because he's pretended like he didn't know things and called me and pretended that I, that people, you know, he even offered to send me to Tokyo to work with Kevin McCarran on his mouse experiments a few years ago, if you can believe that.
I have the text message to prove that.
So these people all were on a show together hosted by James Lyons Weiler in November 28, 2021, where Steve Kirsch pretends to have tried to organize a sort of debate between these people and a bunch of doctors that think that COVID is real.
and they were going to discuss whether you know it's appropriate and this is that it's appropriate and they had all this list of questions they were going to ask but then just like all the other stunts with Steve Kirsch that will happen after this point Steve offers some money Steve makes a challenge and then nobody will take my challenge so I guess I must be right and so Steve Kirsch is testing this out now orchestrating it now with the help of Jessica Rose, Mike Eden
Mark Giordano of Panda, Matt Crawford, and James Lyons-Weiler, one of the worst actors in the fake anti-vax movement pre-2020, never mind post-2020.
Let's close this window over here on this other thing, drop this down, test.
Nope.
There we go.
And so I want to watch this video, but I want to put it in context before I do.
And that context is of course, right before the November 28th, 21 video, he had Steve Kirsch on by himself on October 16th.
And then after this little video that we're going to watch, of course he had Peter McCullough on, he had Meryl Nass on, and he had Pierre Cory on.
And all the while, right, we're two and a half years into the pandemic, we're at the end of the murder down here.
Look at how much murder happened in America.
And all that murder is happening and all this time these people don't learn jack.
They don't figure out anything.
They don't come to any conclusions.
They're not able to prioritize their questions.
They're not able to rank order what they find the most conspicuous problem of the pandemic.
They just have an endless list of laundry, a laundry list of questions that they won't even actually list in this video.
And so remember the, the context of the video is this.
that somewhere between the start in 2020 and the end of the murder in 2022, one of these people should have figured something else out besides COVID shot bad, don't talk about 2020.
But all of them are very happy to talk COVID shot bad, don't talk about 2020.
Maybe lab leak spike protein, something like that.
So that's the context of this video, 28th of November, 2021.
Let's see.
So what do we have in this video?
We have James Lyons Weiler.
Skyhorse author, Paul Offit autism book, on stage at every CHD event, on stage with Brandy Vaughn, says diseases spread asymptomatically.
I have at least three videos from three different years where he explains that vaccine-preventable diseases spread asymptomatically on the background of those people.
and says everyone should be genetically screened because of course that's how we're gonna find the vulnerable population to these treatments and we can make alternatives.
Jessica Rose is not an MD, but everybody introduces her as Dr. Jessica Rose because she apparently has five postdoctoral degrees, post-secondary degrees in five different fields, which is of course bullshit.
She is most aptly described as a viral modeler by training.
Her postdoctoral work was funded by NATO.
She has toured the world with Robert Malone
Um, in the international COVID summit, she's never spoken out about the use of Israel as a laboratory.
She has consistently spoken as a bears expert for almost six years, which is dead on balls accurate for the epi girl character in the spars pandemic document.
And finally, behind my head, we have Steve Kirsch, a proud information spreader for the last four years, flaunts his monetary intellectual challenges that nobody can win, has the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, was on Dark Horse with Malone in June of 2021.
pushed the combined early treatment trials.
Remember, he thought that if we could drug everybody with ivermectin and fluvoxamine, that we would be out of this pandemic in 60 days, and had a steering committee on which a lot of these people, including myself, was on.
I wasn't on his steering committee as long as other people were.
But the point is, is that his steering committee is one of these places where an illusion of consensus can be created by a few planted liars.
Now, if you knew who was in his steering committee when I joined, it was Jessica Rose and Matt Crawford and Marc Giraudeau.
and Peter McCullough and Kevin McKernan and John Baldwin, and those people can get into a discussion that can convince somebody like me that I might not be right.
And that's exactly what they do.
The other people that are in this chat, of course, Mike Eden, a retired pharma guy who used to work for Pfizer and was a big whistleblower in 2020, but what about?
He was a whistleblower about natural immunity, which accepted the existence of the new virus, just that maybe natural immunity was okay and we should test for it.
Previous coronaviruses are real PCR works and sequencing works.
No mention of impurities from manufacturing, even though he himself admits he was a 20-year, big-time head of respiratory diseases.
So he knows how biologics are made.
Which means he knows that if they use those same processes to make this RNA, it will never be pure.
He has to know that.
Because they can't use anion exchange chromatography to clean it up.
like you would if it was a biologic.
And so he's stuck on a limited spectrum of debate too.
I know a lot of people don't like to hear that Mike Eden is a bad guy, but he's had extensive, extensive communication with me over the last four years.
We've never had a bad relationship.
He's just decided to slag me off very recently where Sasha Latupova can also comment in his sub stack, calling me JJ, which is actually really depressing because, you know, again, we know that that's a,
That's a way that this is done.
No links, not like gigaohmbiological.com or anything like that was in the links.
Very similar to an interview I just did with Dan Cohen, where somehow or another in that YouTube video, I don't know if Dan Cohen's a bad guy, but why aren't there any links for me?
Why after that YouTube video, are there only links like six or eight links for all of the ways you can pay him?
What did I do in that interview except for give him two hours of my time and now everybody should donate money to him for that time?
This is Mark Giordano.
He's an industrial processes engineer.
He has a lot of experience.
He's in Panda.
He was on Steve Kirsch's steering committee, which also already makes it weird if he's in Panda's main group.
Always Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler are plugging this guy like he's some kind of smart dude, but he's not because he has a book about this ridiculously dumb, simple idea about the idea of bolus injection.
And if you just don't hit a vein, everything is fine.
And his one evidence for it is that people who inject testosterone in their muscles agree with him.
This guy's a monster.
He's a fake.
And he's resulted in ridiculing me on Twitter just like Kevin McKernan did, just like Nick Hudson does, just like Jessica Hockett did.
They all do it.
Matt Crawford's an especially interesting guy because he's a prodigy day trader, supposedly the victim of some kind of rape camp military intelligence thing.
Described himself as a math wizard.
He was in the original Signal Chat with me, with Brett Weinstein.
He actually was on Steve Kirsch's steering committee and added me to it, more or less.
He met Malone on a beach in 2020, but that doesn't matter.
And went from my best buddy to zero, just like Jessica Hockett did on the way out,
We had a stream with Mark Kulak and with George Webb.
And after that stream, Matt Crawford tried to convince me that Mark Kulak was a bad guy and that I had to take his word for it because he was in a rape camp.
And I can't make that up because that's actually what happened.
He said that Mark Kulak triggered a traumatic memory from his early childhood using a trigger phrase that people in that rape camp used to use on him.
Now, how am I supposed to, what am I supposed to do there?
Mark, did you say those words?
And Mark's like, I don't know, I don't think so.
But what are those words?
What is that?
It's such a weird part of this history.
And when did that occur?
It occurred right when Matthew Crawford was trying to explain what Omicron was, but not explaining it the way I was explaining it some other way.
And when Matt Crawford was really big on the DMED database, which is probably bullshit.
All 2021, don't you see?
I was in the signal chat with Brett Weinstein trying to explain to him that transfection was gonna cause autoimmunity.
We had to stop it now.
And this is what they were doing.
This is what they were doing at that time.
putting together these fake debates with Steve Kirsch and pretending that they, I didn't get into the Steve Kirsch steering committee until 2022 and that's 2021, right?
So when I say that these people are there, it's really important to see it.
This is scary stuff.
Did I not put it in?
I thought I put it in.
I didn't even put the video in.
Okay.
Well, we got to watch that video.
So I got to, let me just get out of here quick.
I didn't mean to go to this slide yet.
I'll get out of here and put this in.
Uh, sorry about that.
Insert video.
Lucky for you.
I know right where it is.
If it would just work.
There we go.
There it is.
I'm going to make it black and white because I don't like watching color videos and I'm going to play it back automatically.
And so where are we?
We're here.
And so, yes, I can't stress it enough.
They were put in place.
And now that we have this much history to look back on and to compare to what their current behavior is, I think it without a shadow of a doubt, these people are actors and we have been bamboozled by them in America.
2021, November 28th, 2021.
Okay, well, we're gathered here today with a very disappointing outcome of attempt to hold a debate with physicians MDs who, to a person, felt that it was important enough for them to join us on a debate.
And there was a slight confusion on their part, apparently, and we're not sure where it fell apart, but we're sitting here in Zoom,
And uh, we have prepared our questions.
We also are prepared to answer questions that they have on their side And they have failed to show up steve.
Do you want to fill everybody in on the background of the communications with the other side?
Sure, this started uh friday on uh on clubhouse and uh, and this is uh, and eli, um, uh, basically was moderating a room and we said happy to
I could probably just go, what can I do here?
Do I need the X position?
Wait, what?
Which one am I using?
Oh, it's that one's on.
I could put this one on.
This one's on.
So.
Debate them anytime.
And then he called me back and he said, they're ready to debate today.
And I said, great, but it'll take me a couple of days to get the team together.
Let me send you a Zoom link.
and we will do a recorded Zoom call.
And this way we can, first of all, you're not allowed to record on Clubhouse.
And the Zoom allows us to see people's faces and who they are and make sure they're legitimate.
So there's no hiding.
And the rules of the debate- Again, so the idea is to recall that in 2021, this was like maybe one of the first times that Steve Kirsch is gonna pull this stunt, but then he's gonna go on X and do this for years.
Challenge people to debate him on this and that and he's gonna do it at MIT one time where he's gonna like I guess nobody's gonna show up And he's gonna present some data from here some data from there.
I'm a data scientist I like to do data and he hires people to do data, but he's really just he's just full of shit
But this is when he, you know, this is really in the heart of the murder in 2021, at the end of 2021.
Eight then would be fair on both sides.
Everybody would play by exactly the same rules.
Each side would be able to ask the other side.
Just to clear that up, I don't know who this is and I don't know who this is.
And because I had to move myself to the other side of the screen, I'm gonna be looking over there.
When really I probably should be looking over there, but I'm not going to do that because I can't watch the video if I look over there.
So anyway, you just have to deal with that.
side questions, it would alternate between one side asking the question and then once they're done and it goes back and forth, then the other side asks the questions.
Totally fair debate.
We don't control the agenda.
OK, so let's just let's just point out what's happening here.
We're not getting anywhere.
No one's learning anything from this.
Instead, Steve Kirsch is whining about how he and detailing all the ways that he tried to make it as objective and fair debate as possible.
Blah blah blah blah blah.
We're not talking about what the debate was or why it was important for these people to debate those people.
Isn't that weird?
Instead, we're talking about the hypothetical, you know, perfect nature of the debate given the, you know, constraints of Zoom and whatever.
That's the magnificence of this bullshit.
How much time they can waste when in reality, the issue is they are using PCR to lie to us about pulling out a high fidelity signal from a background they cannot pull a high fidelity signal from.
an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals composed of bacteriophages and all of the other signals that we have not been able to quantify in nature that metabiota went around the world talking about the black biology or something like that.
The biological dark matter.
We control what questions we ask.
They control whatever questions they ask.
but apparently there was not a meeting of the minds because we were going through an intermediary, Eli, and it was apparently not communicated that we wanted a recorded debate on Zoom and that he was supposed to stream it to Clubhouse for other people to listen in live if they wanted, but it was supposed to be a video debate.
We're all here
we're all ready to go for two hours or three hours or however long it took.
So I went into Clubhouse and explained this and they kicked me off the stage and then they removed me from the room.
And you said earlier that they actually reported that you left.
Well, you know, I took a screenshot here of them kicking me off the stage.
So here it is.
Um, where you can see, uh, let me, let me turn off my, my, uh, you send that to me.
I'll mix it in the videos.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
So I'll send that to you where they basically funny that it never got mixed into the video.
So Clubhouse is another one of these things, like Telegram.
It was just bullshit.
How many times I wasted my time on Clubhouse talking to a couple groups in the UK?
Hundreds of questions, hundreds of questions, no new followers, no links given.
It's just ridiculous.
If these people really believe that I have something worth interviewing me about, and when they hear that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is not a way of administering medicine, and that it was always transformation and transfection technologies,
and that these people are in place to lie about it.
It's really strange that that doesn't kind of prioritize over, I don't know, talking about space dragons, but apparently it's just podcast after podcast after podcast.
And even if they do learn something during the podcast, it's time to reset and treat the next guest as equally relevant and equally valuable information provider because that's what podcasts do.
That's why I don't interview anyone because I don't know who I would interview besides Mark Kulak.
have kicked me off the stage, and then they disabled hand raising so that none of our other people could go and say, hey, let me explain that he didn't leave.
He was kicked into the audience, and then he was kicked out of the room.
So this is the censorship.
So this is hardly a fair, you know, them wanting to debate us.
Okay, so we waited for, by my count.
So that's censorship, right?
The doctors won't talk to us.
They wouldn't join our Zoom meeting on Clubhouse.
That's Steve Kersh, anything that they can twist around as well, I'm being censored, they do it.
Steve Kirsch is censored, even though his non-profit is funded by the Skoll Foundation.
Yeah, go ahead, tell me about your censorship.
21 minutes here in Zoom, and it was communicated to them three or four times through different channels.
that this was the agreed upon format location.
The most important thing here for me is to realize that their presence in a stream with James Lyons-Weiler titled Unbreaking Science admits that they are part of this network.
At one point in time, I am very happy to admit I was part of this network.
And they were very, very interested in having me be one of the people that could be an expert on the lab leak.
That is precisely why I believe I am still listed in this book because at the time of its publication, they were still betting on the fact that I would capitulate, that I would take a job with CHD, that Brian Hooker would get me to help him establish a health tent, a big top tent of health freedom, and that I would be happy to do it because they paid me $105,000 a year to be on a couple Zoom meetings a week.
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't like my job right now, except for the fact that I know it has to be done.
So I don't have any choices here.
This is information that needs to get out in order to preserve my kids' freedom.
This is information that needs to get out so that I am unerasable.
So that the only possible outcome of erasing me would be that this information goes viral.
That doesn't happen.
But I feel like right now the most important information that I have is based on the experience of me writing this book with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., our now Health and Human Services Secretary.
I believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is essentially a victim of a Truman show that took advantage of his desire to save his country and to do good by his dad's legacy.
They knew that from a very young age he was motivated to do that, and they convinced him that environmentalist causes might be a good way for him to build that record and that track record that would get him there.
I think his family and his friends told him that for a long time.
And then this whole vaccine thing came along, and he's not lying when he says he came in kicking and screaming.
He still doesn't want to do it.
Because his goal was to save America in a different way, or change America for his friends, or his handlers, or whatever.
I don't know what it was, but he's not really in control.
Even though all these people were organized to get him there, he's not really in control.
These people were part of the Truman Show.
Jessica Rose, Mike Yeadon, Mark Giordano, Matt Crawford, James Lyons-Weiler, Steve Kirsch, they're all involved directly or indirectly with coordinating this social media momentum.
that is amplified by social media programming so that when they want to show Bobby something, they can just show him.
Look, on social media right now, trending is this.
If they want to show the president what's going on, they can look at social media and say, look what's trending right now.
We've got control of them.
Most of the people in the world are arguing about this.
That's how they use it.
Just like they get you to think that your scroll is a representation of reality, they use the data on social media, honestly or dishonestly represented, to communicate to the leaders of the world what's going on, to demonstrate to the leaders of the world what's going on, and to tell them that they have a better handle and control over what's going on, and more importantly, what's being argued about than ever before.
Never before, Mr. President, have we had so much control over what these monkeys argue about.
And the way we accomplish it is putting people like Jessica Rose on the internet.
The way we accomplish it is putting people like James Lyons Weiler whispering in the ear of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Mary Holland whispering in the ear of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Meryl Nass whispering in the ear of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That's how this is accomplished.
And so he doesn't need to know.
Maybe Mike Eden is not even aware of how badly he's being used.
But at some point in time, he has been told or made the choice to ignore me.
Instead, turned on me, not even two weeks ago.
Because he saw himself apparently on my screen.
and didn't understand that the reason why he was in the top row is because those people in the top row are probably the ones that needed convincing.
Yes, Mike, I think you're a victim too.
What's your next step?
Are you going to invite them to another debate, find another team of physicians that want to stand up for their paradigm?
Well, you know, we can extend the offer to them one more time, same place, same time next week, same rules as we had proposed for this one.
I've sent Eli the rules.
So he has all the rules of the debate and we'll see whether they want to accept.
But when they said, they basically said, well, we don't want to do it on a recorded call.
That's ridiculous.
I guess they don't want to stand behind.
I don't want, you know, they don't want, there are any words that they say to be, you know, used with, they're, they're, they're afraid.
That's how I would interpret that.
We're, we're ready.
Yeah.
Angela, you could, you could talk about what happened when you went into the room.
Yeah, no, we're ready to show our faces, show our titles, show our backgrounds, show the world who we are and what we stand for.
And we have no problem being recorded and having this placed wherever it needs to be placed.
And so I don't really have the time or interest to hide behind somebody on Clubhouse where we don't even know who these people are.
It's just a waste of time.
And I think that this is the most appropriate place for us to do that.
be discussing with physicians.
My understanding is that we did know who they are.
Do we have a list of their names?
I just have two of them.
Dr. Copeland and Dr. Priya.
That's it.
Does anyone have anything else to add?
It's just weird because they haven't said what they're afraid of.
What are they afraid of exactly?
Getting their names associated with these people?
What are they afraid of?
It's like an imaginary theater because that's what it is.
It's like really kind of bullshit because that's what it is.
Steve Kirsch specializes in these bullshit theater stories about how he offered people a million dollars and no one could respond.
Notice that Steve Kirsch did not offer a million dollars for a doctor to prove why intramuscular injection in some cases might be okay.
Notice that he didn't offer a million dollars for somebody to explain why transfection would be a great way to augment the immune system.
This is just, he didn't offer somebody a million dollars to explain how the population pyramid wasn't used.
It's just so malevolent.
It's so traitorous.
Well, this thing is extremely disappointing.
So I might even,
I was a long time head of allergy and respiratory research at Pfizer.
And I ran my own company afterwards in the last 10 years.
So there's a lot of wrong things going on, really bad things as well.
And I and I know everyone else on this call, have thought very carefully about three or four questions that are really straightforward questions that if you
if we were to pose these to a member of the public or anybody watching whether professional or just a member of the public they think well yeah i really want to know the answer to that question and uh and look at jessica rose nodding up and down but notice what's happening here they don't list the question just three or four questions he said that we would like to know the answer to what are the questions mike what questions are they jessica and rose
We have our own answers and we would love to debate it with another team.
The problem is that they won't come and debate it.
They literally won't come and debate it.
And that's why I'm feeling very disappointed.
But as Steve said, we will stand ready to do this again.
Any team would like to go, you know, just respectfully, let's just trade views on these really important questions.
On these really important questions that are so important, we're not going to say them in this video.
The one that we're going to leave up on YouTube.
You know, that one.
If I'm wrong, then I'm wrong.
I've thought deeply about these things and a lot of wrong things happening.
That's why I keep speaking up.
And furthermore, it seems as though we are always willing to be wrong.
We don't mind.
That's why debates are.
And I'm also, this is the second time this happened to me.
I'm very disappointed that they didn't, because, well, besides the fact that we're all gathered here.
We put time and effort into being here, and we did put some time and effort into generating question sets.
Interesting.
She's not worried about the fact that I put time and effort to over six hours of presentations to a group called Panda in South Africa, and they just didn't post those.
She's a member of that group.
Panda's posted a lot of her videos up, but not mine.
Not the three separate lectures, one about immunology, one about virology, and one about just like the population pyramid and murder.
All gone.
My immunology lecture was said by David Wiseman to be the best immunology lecture he'd ever heard.
But David Wiseman won't stand up for me to ask Nick Hudson for my videos to get put up.
because that was their job.
Panda was to record my ideas and then recirculate them in shittier form.
That's basically what Jonathan Engler, Jessica Hockett, and Nick Hudson have engaged in over the last four years in cooperation with some character named Jicky Leaks in Australia, who also recycled some of my ideas for a little while before they finally were too much for him to recycle.
Jessica Rose at one point in March of 2023 said that she thinks that I described exactly what happened when I said and explained what clones were.
In a stream with Kevin McKernan, Stephanie Seneff, and John Bodwin listening.
And now she doesn't mention my name ever, doesn't talk about clones at all, never mind the fact that that also meant that PCR is bullshit.
Because the whole idea of these people is to make sure that you never usefully question the narrative.
That's also why they didn't give you the questions.
Because they know that those questions are gonna continue to change as the script moves forward into the, you know, COVID shots are bad, don't talk about 2020 schtick that they're gonna do from pretty much this point on, the end of 21 on.
Because in 2020 and 2021, Americans were murdered using supplementary oxygen, a lack of antibiotics, opioid epidemic, and countless other ways.
And that's why so many foreigners are in front of us because they're not obliged to know what happened in America.
They don't give a shit what happened in America.
Do you think this four continent surfer cares what happened in America?
Do you think that guy that lives in Cyprus cares about what happened in America?
Do you think that this French, this French asshole thinks what happened in America matters to him?
Each of us.
And I completely agree with Mike.
I think everybody wants to know the answers to these questions.
And we're experts in whatever capacity we have.
We're experts.
And we want to know the answers to the questions.
Well, why don't you list the questions and tell us the answers?
You got to wait for the doctors so that you can make a really big argument and, and, and debate within a limited spectrum so that all of us feel like we should just wait for you to figure it out.
So yeah, we're going to be here next week if anyone wants to talk.
All right, well, what I'll do is I'll package this and publish it out through WWDNYK and make it available for every one of you to spread it out through your own channels.
So this was a
The bad news is we didn't make any progress in having the rational dialogue and debate that we all know is so important to happen.
The good news is I can go help race in the kitchen with our turkey stew that we make.
And happy holidays, everyone.
Remember, we watched a video from 2017 where Mary Holland and this guy and a few other people were on stage saying, you know, if I could change anything about the vaccine debate, I would just make sure that everybody on both sides is nice to each other.
Some real awful stuff happening here, ladies and gentlemen.
If you want to believe that Steve Kirsch, the proud information spreader who said on Stu Peters that RFK would have safe vaccines in five years, if you want to believe he's a patriot, you go ahead.
even though he's the largest private donor to the DNC before the pandemic, even though he was on Dark Horse with Malone talking about how if we could just give everybody ivermectin and fluvoxamine for 60 days, the pandemic would be over, even if he pushed early treatment trials that accepted the existence of the pandemic.
You want to believe that a former retired Pfizer executive was telling us about natural immunity to save our kids instead of make us accept the novel virus?
Go ahead.
You want to believe that him writing a substack with my name, JJ, and no links, and Sasha Latapova in the chat is just accidental after he was on like three streams promoting her and wrote substacks promoting Sasha Latapova, the mother of Soph?
Then I guess you have to believe that Mike Eden doesn't care about America.
which I guess isn't very hard to believe.
There's quite a few Englishmen in this little theater that don't care about America, starting with Andrew Wakefield and his co-author, Peter Daszak.
You want to believe that this Canadian, Canadian-Israeli, wherever she is, I got to move over here, and then I got to go like this.
This Canadian-Israeli, not MD, who everybody says has five post-secondary degrees.
You want to believe that she's a good guy even though that her post-secondary degrees are mostly NATO funded?
You want to believe that?
Even though she toured the world with Robert Malone for six years?
Even though she didn't speak out against Israel being used as a laboratory?
You want to... She has been consistently EpiGirl.
That's what you have to accept.
That none of these people, these geniuses, after five years could figure out that not using antibiotics for pneumonia might explain some of this shit right here.
Using pure oxygen when people came into the hospital, you know, or ventilators to stop spread might explain a few of these things here.
That letting opioids run wild might explain a little bit of this shit right here.
that do not resuscitate orders would lower life expectancy too.
Death certificates being faked for money might cause a little bit of this to happen.
And PCR not being a useful diagnostic tool, well, that's just a convenient pain in the ass that we haven't addressed in six years now, isn't it?
The genius Steve Kirsch, the genius five degree having Jessica Rose and the retired pharma exec super genius, Mike Eden, couldn't figure any of this out.
That murder and lies might be used to create the illusion of a pandemic, especially if there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality predicted by the population pyramid.
And after five years of trying to explain to these people that there might be a better explanation for what happened, they have consistently ignored me.
After trying to explain it to our Health and Human Services Secretary at the end of writing this book, these people have continued to ignore me.
After trying to explain it to my friend, Jay Bhattacharya, the now head of NIH, these people have continued to ignore me.
There is a logical explanation for what happened during this national security operation to convince our kids of this mythology, and it's murder and lies.
If you go on Matt Crawford and you just Google him, or in this case, DuckDuckGoHim, you will find the last video that I did with him, which is indeed a video with Mark Kulak, with George Webb and myself,
The day after this video, he tried to convince me that Mark used a trigger phrase from his military rape camp.
And that's why I should know that Mark Kulak is definitely military intelligence.
And I guess he could be, he could be my handler.
And maybe Mark Kulak's story about 9-11 really being about bioterror, and Mark Kulak's story about the anthrax thing, you know, and the anthrax vaccine, and all of this stuff with the Human Genome Project being really 9-11 also, and all of his ideas about Lederberg.
I guess they could all just be things to lead me astray.
I guess so I wouldn't talk about the lab leak or something like that.
But Matt Crawford's been busy.
Sasha Latupova has been on like three or four times.
I mean, he's had John Cullen on, one of the greatest heroes of the pandemic.
And of course he's had George Webb on, and this one's really funny because it's labeled George Webb domain question asker.
That's actually what it says.
George Webb domain question asker.
I can't make this stuff up.
He's had Rixey and McCairn on.
This guy met Robert Malone on a beach in 2020.
These people were put in place to control this narrative.
And I am just so very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very sad that this is what I got to do.
I want to teach biology.
I want to write this book.
But every day I get up and I have to do this too.
The book is being written.
The figures are being sketched.
The lesson plans are being organized.
The vocabulary and the glossary is being written.
It's just a question of time.
And in the meantime, this news program is going to keep going on because it has been decades now since the National Security Priority, the Human Genome Project, has basically taken over in the background and become the central pivoting point of the entire military-industrial complex of America.
And there are all kinds of little examples of it.
This one being one of the best one, former FLCCC, now the IMA.
The FLCCC told people in 2020 to go to the hospital if your pulse ox was lower than 96.
And if you went to the hospital, you'd get supplementary oxygen, which for a certain percentage of unhealthy people would definitely cause pneumonia.
And if you didn't treat it with antibiotics,
I guess the COVID deaths are going to go up and look at Andrew Wakefield, still the star of the show, the intelligence agent from England who came here with Pauly Tommy to recycle the shtick that they did for six million votes in the early 2000s.
This is one big show.
He might not know how badly he's being used.
That might be how, why he looks so bad because he didn't think it was going to get this ugly, but it's going to get uglier.
And if you want to have a little tiny, eensy weensy bit of hope, we can watch this video and just try to imagine that maybe, maybe, Mary Talley Bowden is a good person.
who could learn the biology that we have to teach.
Maybe Dr. Jack Krause is a good person and could learn the biology that we have to teach about virology and change their mind about the assumptions that they make about the molecular world that we live in.
Let's just see, I don't know.
What's going on behind the scenes with, is anybody talking about the COVID shots behind the scenes at all?
I can tell you exactly what's happening behind the scenes.
Is anyone talking about the shots?
She's referring to the COVID shots.
COVID shots are bad, don't talk about 2020.
She's not talking about the whole vaccine schedule, and she's not talking about intramuscular injection in general, which we've been talking about for more than two years.
little ideology, and it is full on discussions of the childhood chronic disease crisis and the fact that kids are getting so sick.
But nothing about those shots.
I think there's- No, because he loves Operation Warp Speed, right?
Trump and all of the advisors and everybody that he has put in positions of power.
Other than, you know, Jay Bhattacharya has said on X that he agrees that the shot should be pulled off the market because he signed the Hope Accord, although the Hope Accord does not have it on their website.
But other than that, everybody, you know, look at the Surgeon General pick.
I mean, that's a nightmare.
And Dr. Oz is a complete nightmare.
Actually, I'll just be the first one to say this.
I love the Dr. Oz pick.
Oh, you do?
Yeah, because centralized medicine, what better way to blow it up than to put a World Economic Forum guy in charge of it?
Um, I, I, I, I think, I think Doug.
So he's not worried about, about a director of national intelligence being a world economic forum puppet.
Like that's so strange.
I don't know.
Whatever.
I was just going to be extraordinary.
Um, you do.
And I think you think it's possible that a lot of these people, these high level people in politics and Bobby included from what you alluded to with your comment for your first conversation with Bobby and Rick, that they aren't educated on any of this stuff.
and if they aren't educated on any of this stuff, for example.
There's no excuse at this point.
This is the biggest public health event in our lifetime.
You should be up to speed, especially if you're gonna have power and a microphone.
Totally.
You have to be.
But she's not up to speed, right?
Because she's not aware of the murder and how it happened, or at least she pretends that she's not.
She's not aware that advocating for ivermectin as being good medicine in response to a non-existent threat was helping them.
She doesn't understand.
And she was a respiratory physiologist, so it's very strange to me that she doesn't understand that a little tweak to protocols about pneumonia, you know, like a tweak where you say pneumonia can be viral and antibiotics don't work on viral things.
could result in the murder of thousands of Americans and that could be misconstrued as something else.
She doesn't seem to be aware of that yet and that makes her very vulnerable to these people when they have these debates around her and this illusion of consensus is maintained by the limited spectrum of debate that they reinforce with their questions.
And that may be why she's never realized that supplementary oxygen might be to blame, that the opioid crisis might've been twisted into a loss in life expectancy that had nothing to do with the virus.
Maybe she's just not aware that in order to get people to accept transfection, the national security priority state was definitely willing to murder a few people and lie about it.
How else do you explain Pierre Cory and Kyle Seidel?
Mary Talley Bowden was on my show.
Mary, you can be on my show again.
And we can discuss all of this in a friendly manner.
I can break it down for you.
Why virology is a hoax.
Why immunology is probably being grossly overplayed in terms of its role for external pathogens as opposed to the interface system between us and our symbiotic partners.
I would so love to talk to Mary again.
You missed something while we were joking here.
I actually made a joke about Dr. Oz, and he actually thought it was a good pick.
And guess what?
That fits with my concerns.
I think that the picks Bobby made are... I think that... So that Bobby made these picks, not Trump?
No, no, no.
I think the picks President Trump made... Yeah, I think the picks President Trump made are very strong, and I think... This is just my opinion.
I think we have people that are aligned with the vision that Bobby and President Trump painted during the campaign.
And that's the reason why I said before...
Yes, this is the podcast where Kevin McKernan lied for about 10 minutes straight about how that book was written, who helped write the book, about the diffuse proposal, about virology, about the PCR, and about sequencing and the evolution of it.
Absolutely, positively, exactly the same podcast.
And so you gotta wonder, are these people just unwitting participants in this same bullshit narrative?
Is he?
I don't think Mary Talley Bowden is scripted.
I think Mary Talley Bowden has, in her own way, has been co-opted.
And because of the nature of her
her professional background, it may be that she was easier to co-opt on the lab leak circulating virus idea.
She's a professional who her whole professional career has been based on the acceptance of that model of disease.
And so it would be pretty hard, or rather, it would be pretty easy to keep her on that model as long as she's surrounded by people like Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland.
and Kelly Victory and all these other people that also don't question the existence of the novel virus, because we had something strange too, then she's not going to get close to waking up.
Now, that's why I think I need to talk to her again.
that I'm no longer on Bobby's train.
I'm kind of out.
Because what Mary's saying here, I had a lot of hope.
And I will tell you that when Bobby got lawfared, Nicole got lawfared, if you go back and listen to the Rick Rubin podcast,
Bobby laid his vision out right there about how he's going to do it, because he's an attorney, and I'm going to go sue everybody like I've done before, like we did with Monsanto.
And the funny thing is, I said to Bobby, it's not going to work.
And I said, I think you need to listen to what Bukele did.
We need to put a constitutional amendment in it and take all the criminals out of the mix to begin with.
And he said, I think that's very dangerous.
Anytime anybody says that we need a constitutional amendment,
They are opening a document to alteration that doesn't need to be altered.
What we need to do is strike the PREP Act because it's unconstitutional.
And the reason why the PREP Act is unconstitutional is because
The government cannot be allowed to suspend fundamental rights without being held to strict scrutiny.
And the PREP Act allows an unelected official in the government to suspend many fundamental rights while held to the rational basis test alone.
Now, if you're not a law student or a lawyer, you might not know what I just said, but I assure you every lawyer worth their salt knows what I just said.
And so if you heard that clip and you scratch your head a little bit,
then that's the only reason why I would say that this guy might be given a script.
If you just advocate for a constitutional amendment, and in my humble opinion, you already are basically advocating for the end of America.
Because once the Constitution is open to amendment, it doesn't have to be the one that he's proposing.
It doesn't have to be the one that all the people that voted to open the Constitution were proposing.
Once the Constitution is open for amendment, anything can be added.
So I'm very skeptical of this guy when he says that.
I'm very skeptical of him when he says that Mary's Monkey is a real book.
Even if a lot of the other things he says are interesting, a lot of the neuroscience he talks about is interesting, it doesn't mean that Mary's Monkey is real, and it doesn't mean that we need to open the Constitution when we could just restore liability and get rid of the PrEP Act.
Again, another one of these things that Aaron Seery and Mary Holland and all these other lawyers don't seem to be capable of enunciating.
Jack, that's great, but not even DeSantis could pass that kind of law in Florida.
But then, well, I will say in Tennessee, they're about to propose a bill to ban the sale and distribution of all MRNA.
Tennessee may be the first.
Well, I just got a call from one of the people, a governor who this may be a very interesting point to bring up, but understand what I'm trying to say to you here.
If Callie means and, and, and Mr. Krause here are working together,
then Danny Jones and Mary Talley Bowden don't stand a chance.
He's obviously skeptical of Casey and very attacking of Casey.
And if that's real, that's great.
But if it's fake, it will be the most magnificent, magnificent enchantment of Mary Bowden.
And she will never be able to see through it.
And that's how they do it.
I absolutely assure you that's exactly how this is done.
That's exactly what you see happening right here.
I would bet dollars to donuts that those two are working together to make sure Mary Talley Bowden never finds me and never realizes intramuscular injection is just plain not medicine.
I'm telling you folks, we're there.
We're right there.
This is how it breaks.
especially with him, to show you just how what happened in Trump's last term could actually be helpful.
And this may be really big for you in Texas.
So you know that Trump took a lot of shit in his first term about abortion.
And remember, since abortion is not mentioned in the Constitution, the states have to go by the 10th Amendment.
Well, guess what?
Medical freedom is also not mentioned in the Constitution.
That means it would go the same route.
So you know what that means?
Uncle Jack could sit down and talk to a governor if a governor is willing to put my constitutional amendment in the state constitution.
We got an issue, and it's a good issue.
Do I think that's the way to go?
Because then you don't need to deal with Trump, and you don't need to deal with Bobby Kennedy.
So we get a governor like, say, Ryan Cole in Idaho, and then he puts an amendment in the Idaho Constitution, and now we have a constitutional crisis?
Is that what he's proposing here?
In other words, you go straight... I think it's going to be state by state.
Well, you have to realize, the states that I think could be very, very interesting here is Trump had a very contentious relationship with his previous primary guy, our governor, you know, DeSantis.
And we know why that relationship was destroyed, because somebody who used to work at Mercury, which was a PR firm, that's Susie Watts.
Who I used to work with.
Well, Susie worked there as well, and this was not about you.
This is more about her.
But you're missing the conspiracy tie.
Yeah, but you're not that important, my friend.
I know.
You're not that important, my friend.
Do you see the theater?
He's being an absolute over-the-top dick, and that's a sign.
That's a sign that this is a theater, because why would he tolerate it?
Why would he tolerate that?
He tolerates it for the same reason, listen very carefully, he tolerates it for the same reason that Mark Bailey tolerated Kevin McCairn in late 2022, because it's a theater.
And Mary Talley Bowden needs to believe that these two people are antagonists.
She needs to believe it because they're reinforcing the limited spectrum of debate that she's trapped in.
It's who I'm curious you're talking about so much.
You're not that important about this issue.
I agree.
The issue is could this be an issue because your governor actually is pretty decent.
Well, decent for the medical freedom.
You're rolling your eyes.
Why, why is that?
Texas is bad.
I mean, we're, we are, we have the largest medical center in the world.
We're home of Texas is bad.
Did you hear that very often in the beginning of the pandemic?
Cause I never did.
I certainly learned Texas was bad when I worked with my brother at the end of 2020 before he disowned me.
Like Texas is very bad.
Wow.
And Mark, Matt Crawford lives in Texas too.
The vaccine mandate, Houston Methodist, April, 2021.
We were the first one to do it.
And I mean- Even before the president mandated it.
Yeah.
Four months before Biden.
So essentially her problem was that she didn't want to take the shot, right?
That was it.
So COVID shot bad.
Don't talk about 2020.
and did it.
And, you know, we, yeah, I didn't see what they did to me.
Right.
I was nothing to them.
I mean, I'm a solo practitioner, a pretty small practice.
And they like, you know, they.
She's got a magnificent social profile now, though, a magnificent profile on social media that she could use to spread the truth if she knew what it was.
They squashed me.
They tried to.
And, um,
You know, Abbott, he was always sort of a step behind DeSantis during the pandemic.
I mean, granted, he was better than somebody in Washington State, but he's always been a little bit cautious in medical freedom.
Honestly, Mary comes off to me as a very sharp woman, and that's part of the reason why I think I'm dead on balls accurate when I say this whole podcast was to put Casey and Dr. Krause in front of her and to bamboozle her.
and also to see what she's thinking, make sure that they know what she's thinking and can keep her there.
And, uh, yeah, I've reached out to him a lot regarding my case with the medical board and haven't heard anything back.
And I, you know, there's, he has close ties to the medical community.
Um, so.
You were saying you like Abbott though, and I can't remember.
The reason I'm hedging my bets, I can't say everything, but there's states around Texas.
Oh, sorry.
Cruz.
Okay.
And Jack Cruz.
Texas knows about these talks.
Oklahoma is progressing well.
I'm just going to tell you, I think I'm a little bit probably more
optimistic on state than I am federal yes I agree and the point that I'd make to you since you I do like that but it also encourages us to surrender control of the federal government which I think is kind of a slippery slope um and ugly when I are Floridians you know I'm congressional district one and you're down here
Um, very few people know that Matt gets is someone who represents me and I'm the reason why Matt gets is now representing Ivermectin exclusively on rumble.
How bullshit is that?
Wow.
He kept going down to El Salvador because I kept writing him letters saying you need to come down and look at what plan Bukele is.
And you know that I, I feel very strongly about the Santas and I feel very strongly about the Florida surgeon general.
That is the guy that should have got the job.
because if that guy that guy was part of the white coat movement that guy is not no no that guy again if that's who he's advocating for that it's just the same team it's all the same team they were on stage together I gets the job the jabs are over because they're basically over here and you're a Floridian
I'm a Floridian when I'm in the States.
And all of them were on Real ID at the beginning of 2020 because Florida already had Real ID at 2020.
So everybody moved to Florida, went on their digital ID without even knowing it just because they moved to Florida because social media told them to.
That is the kind of leadership that we need to see at the federal level, not the state.
And the fact that we haven't got those picks in and we hear what Callie's saying as being an insider there that- No, I'm just saying Trump made some good choices.
Can I finish my point?
Yeah.
And we are disagreeing with that.
Well, you'd agree with Jay.
Jay is the only one right now.
Um, Jay Bhattacharya, you would agree with Jay Bhattacharya.
That's just, there you see it.
It's remarkable.
Mary Talley Bowden's not going to question him then.
Mary is trying to decide between these two people, just like I was forced to decide between Brett Weinstein and Matt Crawford in the Signal Chat, just like I was supposed to decide between Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan in the Steve Kerr Steering Committee, just like I was supposed to decide between Bobby Kennedy and, I guess, I don't know, Robert Malone in the NCHD.
It's all one malevolent show, and I think Mary Talley Bowden is a victim of it.
that I actually think is pretty good.
But the point that I'll make is that he's actually confirming for me what you're and I's feeling is that it's not going well on the federal.
So we may need to start paying more attention to the state side than not.
And I think that that's where you and I are in a pretty good situation.
Can I add on to that constructively?
So he plays his role really well.
I totally agree.
And, you know, I think he's a great leader and should be having a national voice.
And that's my opinion.
So on the picks, I mean, I agree with your frustration.
I mean, like, like this is,
I mean, I think we're in a big opportunity federally.
I think we need to be doing aggressive state actions.
I think people should be listening to you, Jack.
I mean, like, on your ideas and on this data.
I mean, you might not believe, but I truly believe that.
Just so you know, they are listening to me.
Good, good.
Everybody in Washington DC reads my tweets, just so you know that.
They do.
OK, good.
Because I have confirmation of that.
But realize something else.
I'm the guy sitting at the table that wrote a constitutional amendment.
jack jack that's like that's how i wrote a constitutional amendment hold on let me get my pen come on that is so sad that's like christine massey saying she has foyer records come on actually in their hands and they don't want to do something with my like in the united states they don't want to open the constitution
I wrote a constitutional amendment, but none of these people will do anything about it.
It's really exactly like Dr. Jack going in front of the people of Pittsburgh and saying that I warned all these manufacturers about the vaccine, and it had these funny epitopes in it, but none of them listened to me.
He just said, as an American citizen, that he wrote a constitutional amendment, and these people won't do anything with it.
I don't know if that's more appropriate or this.
Come on.
Holy shit is that bad.
My little goal in life is to help get radical ideas and transform ideas into our healthcare system.
My goal in life is to get transformative ideas into our healthcare system?
Stop lying!
Stop!
Wow.
I mean, this is just gross.
I tell you the people that you think are going to help.
They're not helping.
So I think, Jack, I'm super cynical about DC.
I don't think you are.
I think you're actually, I think you're still looking for that job.
So we can get into my story on that.
You might be right.
I mean, we all have psychological hangups that we are working a lifetime to get over.
And I've explained kind of the continuing reflect, you know, plot that's along the way.
I mean, sure.
Like everyone has their wounded child.
I'm sure you do and are working on that too.
What are you talking about?
We are all grownups.
We all got our cross to bear.
Most of us don't bitch about it.
It's remarkable.
It is remarkable.
We all have that recovering child inside of us.
I know Matt Crawford has a recovering child inside of him.
What a crock of horse shit.
I mean, like, no, just, I mean, everyone's got their traumas.
I would say that everything did change when I, you know, decided to focus on this issue and KC and me to put our hearts out.
And, you know, everyone is the hero in their own head and has pure intentions probably, but we are trying to spread a message of light out there.
A message of light.
We are trying to spread a message of light.
I guess everyone is a hero in their minds.
Nope.
Not me.
I'm not a hero.
I'm a dad.
I'm a photographer.
I'm a kite flyer who can't fly kites because Pittsburgh has too many hills.
I'm a dog enthusiast.
I love to play basketball.
And I have tried to join what I thought was a real anti-vax movement and it turned out to be a fake anti-vax movement.
And I'm unhappy about it.
I'm unhappy about it because I think the future of my country and the future for my children is being endangered because of this fake anti-vax movement.
And I think these guys are part of the fake anti-vax movement that is the same military industrial complex operation
that the Human Genome Project is, the same operation that 9-11 was, the same operation that the bombs in Japan were.
It's one continuous operation where the national security priority is to take over the evolution of the species.
That is his message of light.
Lucifer, light.
The message of light.
there and I think any type of power you might be overstating, but like you, we're trying to push things forward.
It's not power, Callie.
I just think this is the part of you that comes off so disingenuous.
You are an expert.
He's calling somebody and to their face, disingenuous.
This is a theater.
These two guys are on the same team and they're bamboozling Mary Bowden.
Mary Talley Bowden, doctor, please email me and come on my stream so I can explain to you how I was used and how you're still being used and we can win.
Expert in legalized lying.
That's what PR and lobbying is.
Let me finish.
Legalized lying is also what a military operation would be allowed to do.
How a military would use social media against us would be organized, coordinated lying.
And they would do it on podcasts.
And that's exactly how they do it.
And that's the reason why they have three people or four people on a podcast.
So two of them could be liars.
Two of them could be dupes.
And together, they cast an illusion of consensus that cannot be seen through, even by the people that are participating, like Mary.
It's not debatable.
But you told me that you reformed, and I am taking you at your word.
You have to realize that propaganda is a tool of the government.
Obama has weaponized it against us by law.
Including people like, potentially, Jack.
For sure, Casey.
For sure, Callie.
For sure, Robert Malone.
For sure, Meryl Nass.
For sure, Mary Holland.
For sure, those people have gotten Brian Hooker to go along with it.
That's why they all say autism.
And he's not saying that.
He's trying to convince Cali that there's some propaganda that he's not aware of.
When the whole pandemic
was propaganda based on murder and lies and an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that all of these people knew was coming.
Is it possible that Jack doesn't know that?
I guess.
Is it possible that Callie doesn't know that?
Is it possible that Mary doesn't know that?
I'm almost certain it is.
But I think it's much more likely that Jack and Callie understand something of what has happened and know that they are actively trying to make sure that no reasonable progress is made by Mary Talley Bowden here.
And the pharmaceutical industry can do it on TV.
That's how we lost our First Amendment.
You know that we talked about it.
Which you acknowledge, I'm trying to stop.
But we talked about that on the last podcast.
My point that I'm trying to say
is if the propaganda doesn't go away on the federal level, we're not going to be successful at all.
That is the point.
And the point when you say, well, Jack, I don't know about this and that, you have to realize, do you understand?
You know, I don't want to be a dick with you and throw the gauntlet down about ignorance and fraud, but when I say to you,
clearly that the propaganda arm here is a big issue.
And the fact that the people you used to work with, that's their... Jack, that's all I'm calling out, Jack.
But what is the propaganda about?
What is the worst or worst aspects of the propaganda?
What are the, in other words, what's the answer to the question, so what?
Because that's what these people never do.
They never answer the question, so what?
The pandemic wasn't real, so what?
They never answered that question.
You're for health freedom, so what?
There's propaganda in the DC and these are people you used to work with.
So what?
What is the consequences of that?
The consequences are that we have an entire world of human beings, of people that believe that intramuscular injection is a useful way to administer medicine when it's not.
We have an entire world of people that is questioning whether or not transfection might be an advanced form of intramuscular injection.
And we have a world full of humans that believes that RNA can pandemic and is a threat to us in the future.
That's the so what question that Krauss is, or Cruz is not answering and, and Cali means is certainly not going to answer.
And they working together, keep Mary Talley Bowden away from figuring out that it was just oxygen and lack of antibiotics and ventilators and opioids and suicide and do not resuscitate orders and midazolam and remdesivir and starving people
You can go to Scotland and find all about it.
Scotland was one of the worst places because their population pyramid was one of the most out of balance.
So they murdered a lot of old people in Scotland.
Jack, respectfully, you've done a lot.
You're pushing a lot.
I don't think anyone's talked more about the need to ban DTC pharma advertising, and how nefarious that is, and how that allows the pharmaceutical industry not only to brainwash people, but also to buy off the news itself.
But none of the people that Trump are putting on the federal level are doing that.
That's the point I'm trying to make.
Jack, it gets into a logic problem.
So I'm just talking about that, bringing that as much to the national stage as I possibly can in order to subvert it.
Why wouldn't I just subvert it in the first place?
Can you answer that?
No, I guess you missed my point.
By you saying that to me, you missed the point.
The point is, you're okay with what they're doing at the federal level, but you're not okay going that way.
Jack, of course I'm supportive of President Trump, what he's doing.
He's appointed the best reform-minded group of people for HHS in American history.
I'm extremely supportive and extremely optimistic.
I also am extremely
I think it's the status quo.
Who's a more reform-minded HHS group of people?
Marty has pledged not to go to pharma after this.
I think the past 20 years, every single FDA commissioner has gone straight to pharma.
These people right now are not going back to pharma.
I would say if you investigate, and if you're honest, the past 20 years of HHS leadership, this is the most reform-minded.
You might not think it's reform-minded enough, but it is.
Let me tell you what it's about, my friend.
Ideation without execution leads to the deletion of every good idea.
And I don't give a shit what they say.
I want to see the action.
I 100% agree with that statement.
What's the action that he wants to see?
I'm very confused about it because if it's that simple, I want to hear what the action is.
I don't hear any proposals just like I didn't hear any questions in the last video.
It's remarkable.
We haven't even heard what his fricking constitutional amendment is yet.
I'm not giving Olive Branch now, and I'm not.
Jack, I'm not giving them anything.
They don't deserve shit.
Do you wanna know the truth?
We have to hold their feet to the fire.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
What?
We can hold their feet.
Mary, what is the fire?
What is holding their feet to the fire?
What does that mean?
That they need to get rid of dyes faster?
That they need to process seed oils faster?
That they need to announce the cure of autism faster?
What do you mean by this?
Because I don't think you really know.
You're just upset that somehow or another it's not working out the way you thought, or they're not doing anything, or they're not saying anything, or they're not speaking out against the mRNA, which is such a tiny, tiny, tiny speck of dust if you don't realize that the PCR is the stone in your eye.
The sequencing is the stone in your eye.
The acceptance of a novel virus is a stone in your eye.
And so you're not keeping your eyes clean.
You're not trying to protect your eye from damage.
There's a great big rock in your eyeball and you're worried about this little piece of dust in the corner of your eye that is, I don't know, Casey means or is, I don't know, mandates or something like that.
They have created a massive illusion and you're ignoring it.
feet to the fire, of course.
But I think the question is, it's a fair question, how do we support Bobby and Trump and this team as much as we possibly can?
Or maybe that's not what you think we should do.
No.
We should now remind you, the reason why this is so relevant is because people like Brian Hooker have been supporting Bobby Kennedy for more than a decade with the idea that once he got there, he was going to do something, and he's not doing it.
Maybe Brian Hooker supported him because he was promised a book and now he's got his green book so I guess he's fine with it.
But the bottom line is, is that I know from personal experience there are a lot of autism parents that worked for CHD when I was there who definitely had held their mouth, toed the line,
advocated for the big top tent of health freedom, believing that at some moment there was going to be this big action where Brian Hooker would be brought in front of the Congress by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and then everybody would learn the truth.
And that didn't happen.
It didn't happen after the election.
It didn't happen after we waited two weeks after the election.
It didn't happen a month after the election.
In fact, exactly what you should have expected to happen happened.
The guy who was running for office got office.
The guy who was supposed to help him get office got office.
They said that they were gonna do this in a 2008 Skyhorse publishing book where the epilogue says that Bobby Kennedy would run as an independent and help someone else get elected to office.
Now all that has to happen is that someone who gets elected to office needs to get shot.
And the odd thing is, is that's kind of already supposedly happened.
Supposedly an hour north of my house, and it was a kid who goes to the same high school where my kid goes.
Oh, but that's just, that's, you know, whatever.
It's good.
It's fine.
It's no big deal.
I mean, whatever.
That's just, it's fine.
Shouldn't support them at all.
They need to do the will of the people.
That's what they need to do.
What's the will of the people?
What's the will of the people that are behind CHD?
What's the will of the people behind Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
What's the will of the people?
Is it rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, and courage over fear?
Because then I still don't know really what it means that they're supposed to do when you hold their feet to the fire and then they do stuff.
What an amazingly vapid 17-minute conversation.
The will of Cali.
Not the will of Cali.
Cali wants to be, let's transparency, transparency.
What do you think we should do?
I think we should burn it down.
That's what I think.
He wants to burn shit down.
That sounds a lot like Kevin McCarran.
Burn it all down.
Wow.
Interesting.
Let's burn the whole thing down.
That sounds pretty anti-American to me.
Burn it down.
We could just get rid of the PrEP Act, but
That's not on anybody's radar.
Isn't that weird?
The super smart guy who's willing to, to amend the constitution of the United States, but not strike an unconstitutional law.
Does he look like Bono?
I don't know if he looks like Bono.
I can't, Bono must be old then.
What would you advise to do?
I would tell Elon and Vivek to close in places down and I'd start with the intelligence community.
Can we back up?
Hold on, hold on.
I'd start with... Elon can't close anything.
That's just a weird thing to say.
Why not have Donald Trump close that shit?
What's going on here?
And there's no way to take this guy seriously.
This is a performance between Casey and Jack, and it is a performance for the benefit of Mary Talley Bowden.
I am a thousand percent sure.
Vivek, everything tied to science, Jack, Jack, because there's nobody worthwhile.
And can we step, can we step back and actually calmly talk about what you're on?
Very calm.
Okay.
Can we talk about what your 100-day plan would be?
Constitutional amendment.
What would be your recommendation of how to ... Anybody associated with who goes to Guantanamo Bay, first and foremost.
Okay.
That's it.
That's the first thing I do.
Okay.
And I know that if Getz was in, that'd happen.
The guy who's advocating for Ivermectin on Rumble, if he was in, if he was in, the guy who's doing commercials for La Familia Pharma, like seriously, that's what this guy's saying right now.
That's the first place.
And then I'd start changing laws.
The first law I'd change, it's a 1980 law that allows
scientists paid by taxpayers to benefit from research that should end yeah i think i don't think there's anyone in the country that's talked more about that than me so well i got this ain't gonna happen okay and with the people that trump's put in the second thing that needs to happen is the liability law leads to needs to go by the way
and here's the the big issue the first what is the liability law which one is it you see what i mean this is bullshit these guys are not talking in useful terms they're not saying useful things and people who listen to this will not leave with any useful information including mary tally bowden 200 days the only thing bobby should focus in on
The only thing is a RICO case against everybody associated with messenger RNA technology, and that includes the Department of Defense.
How would you do that?
I just told you how I'd do it.
No, no, I'm not- Investigate?
We already have Fauci's emails.
We have Morin's emails.
We have tons of data.
So he believes in the lab leak, and that's what makes him part of this show, and if he's
sophisticated enough to have read enough to figure out that that is not possible, then I don't know what to say because he argues that Mary's Monkey is a real book.
He argues about a lot of things that somebody as smart as him should have been able to figure out by now.
I don't know about Dr. Jack, but I'm thinking no.
you seem to act like the date is not there kevin mckernan literally could go to congress jack kevin mckernan could literally go to congress and lie about it just like he lied about it on the danny jones podcast about a month before this occurred there he is plugging his other teammate their other teammate
that also helps to keep Mary Talley Bowden in line.
And tell them that he found SV40.
Anybody associated with the FDA approval process, Guantanamo Bay.
I'm not suggesting that data is not there.
I'm suggesting that we certainly don't fund foundational research on why we're getting sick.
And that's why he believes that SV40 and Mary's Monkey, and it's all one big bullshit show.
And there Jack Krause just shot himself in the foot with admitting that he is supporting and following and on the script of Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
It's absolutely
It's absolutely as bad as you think.
We need to get in touch with Mary Talley Bowden.
You need to help me put this video in her feed.
Then you don't solve the problem.
Data's being covered up.
And then you don't solve the problem is what you're saying.
So I think- So you just want to ignore everything that's already out there?
No, not at all.
So you want to kind of do a YouTube?
Oh, I think as much, Bobby's talked about getting rid of the Pfizer department, just open source and release as much as we possibly have.
That's a huge part of transparency.
We need accountability though.
People need to go to jail.
Hold on.
So, so, so, and, and again, my story is.
We're not interested in your story.
We're interested in the story of we the people.
Well, I'm giving my opinion.
Is that any, like, we all come from different perspectives.
I am just trying to think just intellectually, like, this is what I like doing is like, how do you channel this spiritual awakening?
I believe many people in America have.
Spiritual awakening, this guy is leading a spiritual awakening.
Wow, kick me in the nuts.
Oh my God, this is awful.
And the incentive is being destroyed.
I need my water filled before we can go.
And that's not like me, I'm not controlling, like, you know, I'm the one person.
She's speaking like a politician and a lobbyist.
Thank you.
Not maybe, definitely.
I'm almost done.
That's actually what our big problem is with you.
My story, my story is,
And this is for you to respond to, is that talking about practicality puts your guys alarm signals up that I'm somehow trying to subvert something.
It's like, we are at the time now where- Yeah, we actually should feel that way.
Okay, but there is a question of what should be done in 63 days, right?
I just told you.
but the people that we know have committed fraud need to go to guantanamo bay i don't think i don't think suggesting what's the fraud we don't know what the fraud is they're never going to say it ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for being here this has been giga on biological where we fight every day against the bad biology evolution because dna it's really bullshit
I'm going to get on with the teaching soon, but for right now, the fire is still burning so bright that we've got to keep paying attention to it so nobody misses how obvious it is.
Please forward this stream to Mary Talley Bowden.
I would love to talk to Dr. Bowden again about this and see if she can see it from my perspective.
This has been Gigo and Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Don't forget that these people won't speak about ingestion versus injection, and that's really a pity.
But we're gonna forget about that for now, because this is really about the Human Genome Project.
Once you can pull back far enough and see what they've been using social media to accomplish.
It gets pretty scary, but it also means that we can wake our kids up and get out of this.
It has always been people.
people misleading other people.
And I do think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is just a victim of his own desires, his own political aspirations, and all the people that are willing to lie to him his whole life.
This is about all the marbles that's why we have
a fake anti-vax movement in America that lied about a background that's irreducibly complex, and that's why they could use a non-specific PCR test to use it to convince you that there was something else there.
RNA cannot pandemic, and make sure you understand that using their tests to find their ghost doesn't make their ghost real, nor does it make you a Ghostbuster.
Thank you very much for being here.
Intramuscular injection is gosh darn dumb.
I really like you guys a lot, but if you want to say it better, and you want to say it nicer to your family and friends, you can say intramuscular injection is a
terrible way to deliver something that you think is medicine.
The population pyramid, learn about that.
Learn about what transfection and transformation is and learn enough biology to understand that RNA cannot pandemic.
Thanks for being here.
See you guys again soon.
Everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.